hey YouTube with Dino here and I'm going
to be showing you today how to get PSP
to today on your PSP first of all you're
going to need a wireless USB cable the
files that are in the folder that went
in there are that way ok first of all
connect your PSP into your semi mode
this should pop up go into open folder
to view files go into the file called
PSP game and you can minimize that for
now next go to the files that you
downloaded you'll need WinRAR for this
and extract it to the desktop ok close
now open that up you'll see these files
you don't need to touch anything close
it back up and pop up the game folder
for your gif speed memory card move a
little bit and drag this into there
okay couldn't quit out of that and
you're done back to your PHP cut out of
your ski mode go into game memory stick
and you'll see this sp2
it'll ask you connect to a network in a
moment
okay oh my
okay this will pop up it's kind of
confusing you're like what I'm get it
okay click select and you'll notice that
right here it'll say playlist on scene
different websites for videos to get to
YouTube and then you stop pressing
select now press circle and you type in
any video name okay car and you know
this comes up real car crash it'll take
a little bit to load but then it doesn't
lag
since there's YouTube forum alright guys
thanks rate comment subscribe I hope
this helped yeah